Meeting 04-03-2026 19:50-20:30
Goal of todays meeting: 
Yesterday 03-03-26 Lab233 our CA3 was handed to us, we created a shared word document in class and started writing about our ideas, such as user interface
target audience, app design etc. We agreed that we would do a meeting today 04-03-2026 to discuss  the ideas in the words document and  " accept", "decline"
or " review"(to be reviwed in the future) the ideas. "Blank" means that I forgot to write what was decided 
Of course this can always be modified, this gives us a baseline.

Meeting Attendace: (whereas 0 means no present, 1 means present)
- Mercy 1
- Shaun 0
- Josh 1
- Daniel 0
- Stefan 1

Attendance Total: 3/5

Summary of todays meeting:

Shaun suggested:
The app should let students access their own course information in a personalized way. Meeting Notes: Change name, add picture 
It should include accessibility features like shortcuts. Accept Meetig Notes: Links, taking inspiration from the assignment we did in Nature of
Enterprise called: Usability-Accessibility-Fixes in that assignemnt there was a link section that when click it will direct us to the page.
A clear colour scheme to separate different sections. Accepted
(Meeting Notes: Go hand to hand with mercys color design) 
A search feature to make information easy to find. Accepted 
 
 
Mercy suggested:
Students should be able to check their timetable and see where classes are located. Accepted
Lecturer contact details should be included. Accepted
Information about campus offices (for example, Student Hub). Accepted
A section for future events (inspired by Brightspace layout). Accepted
Using a green colour palette: Accepted
#2f6f4e, #9fe0b5, #eef6f0, #1f2a24
(Green was chosen because it feels calm, clean, and professional, and works for different age groups.)
Using Miro to design our mockups before building the app, since we are familiar with it and it helps visualize ideas clearly + 
Save time when we are making the app because we know the way it will look. Accepted
 
Stefan suggested:
An option to switch between student view and staff view. To be reviewed ( Meeting Notes: We have to decide if the target audience of our app 
will only be for students or also teachers. If we had teachers that could mean a more complex app)
Exam timetables filtered by course code, so students only see their own exams. Accepted
Meeting Notes:
Students can find their example time table by searching their code ( we can do that through supbase using a table and link it) 
 
Daniel suggested:
A grades portal where students can see grades, feedback, and academic progress. Accepted
Library features like checking book availability, renewing loans, and reserving study rooms.
 
Meetings Notes:
Study rooms Accepted
Renewing loans Declined
Library features like checking book availability accepted
Grades, Feedback Accepted
Academic Progress Declined
 
 
Josh suggested:
A news section for campus updates. * Accepted
A feature to join societies through the app. Accepted 
Showing the canteen menu and student deals. Blank
 
* Meetings Notes: 
Testimonials example: We write news and there are arrows where people can scroll and they are like 6 news. Can be do through HTML & CSS


Ended of Meeting/Next Steps:
"Next week we will talk in class on what we will do next. Please, if by next week Wednesday (11-03-26) nobody brings
out the topic (CA) please take the initiative and talk about it. Thank you " - mercy 

