Meeting 20-03-2026 14:00-14:40
Goal of the meetig:
Discuss the next steps 
Meeting Attendace: (whereas 0 means no present, 1 means present)
- Mercy 1
- Shaun 1
- Josh 1
- Daniel 1
- Stefan 1

Attendance Total: 5/5

Summary of the Meeting:
Everyone liked the initial mokeup login structure created by mercy, Stefan suggested changing the font of the "Companion App" to make it easy
to read (change viewable in miro), everyone agreed on the change.

Question asked " what did everyone did the week prior regarding the app" , 
Stefan & Shaun shared that they disscussed about the coding to implement based on the ideas shared in the previous meeting. Next
week coming to start with the website ( the first draft of the website) where he will push GitHub for us to have a look.
Shaun:
Said he wants to do further reserach ex sarting by doing a "skeleton" of the website (html)  before doing the design aspect (css), he also 
spoke about implementing the teacher/students view.
Stefan:
Added to shaun idea by Suggesting to do a button from a drop down menu lebeled as "switch to staff view" & link it as a hyperlink so once clicked
it automatically brings user to the other website.
In VS code have 2 index.html code one for students & another one for staff, copy the index.html code for students and change it to staff 
(so to copy the code of the students and modify any "students" line to "staff")
Shaun :
(shaun added) It could be on the main page where it shows as " Are you student or staff" and depending on what user clicks it sends them 
to the student or staff sign in that why is already set up from the get go.
Mercy:
We could take inspiration from the code from the assignment Semester 2 Week 5 "Usability & Accessibility fixes" in Nature of enterprise to implement 
the hyperlinks (students/staff view)
(Josh texted "yes we should do that" )

How do we move forward from here?
Stefan : Needs someone to make the database & SQL(for examns, staff, studets etc) = when stefan creates the tables he can link the database to the website.
Shaun:
Offered to do it (the database & SQL)

Daniel, Josh, Shaun, Mercy: Agreed on the database & SQL idea.

Shaun:
Shaun asked how we are going to test the user friendliness to people such as older generation. How are we going to test that
people that dont really know texhnology are still able to  understand how to naviagte the app.

Stefan:
Suggested we use clean font, bigger letters, buttons that redirects where users needs to go ex "click here" for maps when click it redirects them to maps.
Stefan said he could do that
Mercy:
Added that to test the app functions to people of different ages, we can test it by asking our family memebers such as brothers, sis, mothers, fathers etc..
from different age range to try it and give us tehir opinion of what they think about it (how easy it was to navigate and use the app). 
To make a simple word document and print it out "was it simple to navigate" yes, no, other (write) and talk to them to know what they thought about it.
Shaun:
Said: That is a great idea, we could have like a feedback word docuent and link to that by saying we go this feedback and we change  X to "that" 
based on the feedack to improve the app.
(Daniel texted: "Sounds good")
(Josh texted: "I was thinking about that, take notes while someone is using the app. I'll do that as well ")
Stefan:
Agreed on the idea & added that he could aked his cousin to check up the website since he his a developer, which would be great feedback
to put in the word document.
Mercy:
Said that once we reach that stage we all decide when we will start asking them question(feedback) we should do it at the same time to make 
sure we are all in the same page.
Shaun:
Suggested we should also have the same questions this way it is easier to analyse the data. Or do a simple quiz like we did in semester 1
in the module communications.


Final thoughts:
The database & SQL is asisgned to Shaun BUT we will all help and contribute to the database.
Website structure will be started by Stefan & he will push it in GitHub.
There is no next meeting assigned.
