Hey Everyone,
I hope you are all doing well.
Before you start reading: you will notice  spelling and grammar mistakes in this. 
I am rushing this because I won’t have time to write it properly (I have a meeting during our break time),
and I have already spent 1 hour on it and I am not done yet (because I am checking what we have done, brainstorming ideas for the next steps, 
and then writing it in a way that makes sense). I won’t be double checking what I wrote because I don’t have time, and our next class (software) is in 8 minutes. 
Please read everything (I know it is long, but please). If you don’t understand something, state it and I will clarify. Today in class, Nolan asked what we did, and only Stefan and I were there.
Thank you, and I apologise for the mistakes and for speaking informally (my professional way of writing is not activated my brain is just like no because I am rushing, and lowkey it is extra work).
I could not even summarise the text below into something shorter. Sorry, and please do not take any offence by the way I am writing.
 
We have to do a meeting ASAP. In our last meeting, we agreed (paraphrasing) on “going with the flow” instead of assigning deadlines for when 
things needed to be completed.
From my observation, even though we are in a good place, it is not 100% effective because it has been weeks with no proper updates or feedback 
(yes, we did write on Teams, but that is not enough).
If everyone is okay with it I will be following my initial plan which is setting deadlines, having weekly or biweekly feedback and updates,etc.
 
In the next meeting we will:
Discuss what we have done:
To avoid the feeling of uncertainty we will discuss what has been done and what part it corresponds to in the CA brief this way, we will be able to tick off what is done and focus on what is left.
 
Define the role of each person:
After discussing what we have done and what is left, we will discuss and arrange each person’s role for the CA. 
Do not wait until the meeting day to know your role or to be assigned one it is your responsibility. 
Start checking the brief and assign yourself a role. Nobody will do that for you, so if you come to the meeting without assigning yourself a role and you have not contributed anything regarding the CA, that is on you. 
You simply will not have one. I am being strict because the due date is in 9 days, and I am not satisfied with what we have. 
Even though we are in a good place we should always aim for the best.
 
It is very important that you attend the meeting because if roles are left, we will distribute them between the people who attend so you may
end up with nothing to do.
 
Make sure everyone has everything that is already completed:
To avoid people having different versions of the CA, in the meeting we will make sure everyone has access to everything. 
For example: everyone should have access to GitHub (then everyone shares their screen showing they have access), everyone should have the code on their 
VS Code and it works (then each person shares their screen showing the code running), everyone should have access to the shared Word document 
(each person shares their screen with it open), and everyone should have access to the database (each person shows access).
Dont worry if you have nothing this is where we will help each other. 
Why am I doing it like this? Because it is easy to say “I will do it later” or “yes, I have it,” and then something goes wrong or gets forgotten. 
This avoids someone submitting the wrong or incomplete version, which would affect all of us
(I doubt Nolan will check each submission individually he will probably pick/check one and take that as the group version). 
It is not that I don’t believe you guys, but this ensures we are all aligned. It is for everyone’s benefit, and as I said at the beginning of the first weeks our aim should 
be at least 80% on this CA anything less is disappointment. WE CAN DO IT GUYS.
 
Assign a deadline:
We will assign deadlines for when things need to be done. My aim is this week. Unfortunately, we don’t have time to waste and honestly it is doable it is just a matter of priorities.
Please share below when you are available so we can arrange a meeting. At this point if you don’t reply that is on you. 
Everything written above will be done in the next meeting so make sure your timetable is free. 
I also think we should have another meeting afterwards as an update meeting.
 
Update on GitHub:
As you all know GitHub will be one of the ways Keith Nolan will see what each person did and how we worked to reach our final CA.
We have to properly update GitHub and organise everything with folders. 
If you check GitHub, you will see a “Meetings” folder (where you can see what was discussed) and then the code.
To make things easier for us and for Nolan we should organise everything clearly. 
because at the end of the day the easier it is for him to review our work to grade the better marks. 
We will create folders for everything.
Also, please update if you did anything or share thoughts. 
I have been updating meeting notes with everything we agree on/discuss  but it takes me at least 2 hours each time because 
I write notes during the meeting, organise everyone’s thoughts, update Teams if needed, then write everything properly on GitHub, and review everything to understand our progress and then prepare for the next meeting(next questions to ask, how to track our progress, what is best we do next etc)
So please, if you do something update it on GitHub and Teams (yes Teams because realistically not everyone checks GitHub daily)
I know it takes time but it really helps and is good practice.
I am not sure how we can include discussions from Teams in GitHub because lowkey this discussions are also a form of meetings just informal, 
so we should figure it out.(or maybe we should just add important ones like the call ones to not make it too much idk)

I will add this to GitHub and our shared document later when I get home to make sure everyone sees it. 
If I see you in class I will remind you/ask you  to read this. I am not calling each person too much work,
just very busy today and won’t be home until after 9pm, so I hope everyone sees this.
Lastly I apologise again if I sound harsh it is not my intention. I just want all of us to do well. 
I could just focus on my own part and get my marks but I genuinely want all of us to succeed at the end of the day this is a group project 
we are classmates so let’s help each other.
 
And just a reminder: NO AI for parts that say NO AI. Personally, I have not used AI for anything. Please do not use AI where it is not allowed. 
If you do use AI where permitted make sure to update, update and update, share your prompts and outputs.
We are a group and we can support each other but I will not cover for anyone who does not disclose their AI use. 
By the way this does not mean updating and using AI to do your work we will not cover that. If you do that you are on your own.
Use AI only where allowed and in line with university protocols. Remember we all signed the AI agreement Nolan gave us in the first weeks.
If there is anything else I will update it. If you disagree with anything feel free to share as everyone’s voice matters.

Replies via Teams:
"I'm free from 19:00 till 22:00 tomorrow" - Josh Harris
"I am free too" - Shaun Katandawa
"That time works for me too. @Daniel Khan & Stefan Kokic?" - Mercy Igbinosun
"I am free" - Stefan Kokic
"Works for me" - Daniel Khan
"Perfect! our next meeting is tomorrow from 19:00-22:00 via Teams. Please be on time, waiting time grace is max 10 mins" - Mercy Igbinosun

Summary: Next meeting taking place tomorrow 22 April at 19:00 check what will be discussed.
