Date: 27 April 2026
Time: 4:45 AM 
Time sent: 5:16 AM via GitHub + Teams

Hello everyone,
I hope this message finds you all well.
I’m quite disappointed that no one took the initiative to start the meeting even though I had asked anyone to do so when everyone was ready. 
I couldn’t keep waiting when I had other assignments to work on & had other commitments. It felt like there was an expectation for me to start
the call and even when I did not everyone was ready(in the first attempt call only one person joined),despite me postponing the meeting to 20:30.

I am not the group leader we never assigned one so we should all be acting as group leaders. 
This is a group project yet it seems that if I don’t arrange meetings, follow ups, suggest next steps to do and implement them and do extra 
follow ups so that everyone implement them things don’t move forward. 
If I don’t initiate no one else does I can remember only 1 time were someone initiated and that was because I asked the week prior. 
In fact I feel like I’m putting in extra effort just to get people to join or do work and even then the basic courtesy of being on time is 
not being met.

It has been five days since we were supposed to conduct the last scheduled meeting and no one has followed up regarding it or the CA. 
On the 20th of March, I asked how everyone would prefer to move from now on I won't go in detail of what we discussed we decided 
to “go with the flow” instead of setting deadlines for when to complete parts of the CA or scheduling the next meeting. 
I respected that decision because as I’ve said since day one this is a group project and everyone’s voice matters,
I didn’t want to impose a structure that not everyone agreed with but maybe people would not tell me that’s why to avoid that I raised 
the question during that meeting and made sure to be clear and specific about it and this as been the result.
The assignment is due on the 1st of May and we are still not finished I decided to wait in hopes but I feel 
(based on past results and what I have observed) things will still be the same, by now we should just be worrying about the presentation.

Today I will start completing parts of the CA & will work on it all day, 
currenlty I making a plan trying to figure out what it will be best thing to do by 6/7am I will start if anyone wants to
join email/text me via Teams me we can do it together.
